hi I'm Kylie and I'm one of the expert
TOEFL teachers at ET language comm and
today I'm going to share with you three
ways to prepare for the TOEFL at home so
the first one is textbooks so this is
the traditional way that people prepare
for tests or study in general the second
way that I'm going to talk to you about
is using online practice tests there are
a lot of online practice tests I'm sure
you guys know so if you're just google
TOEFL practice there's like I don't even
know how many millions of pages that
show up so you can definitely use that
method to prepare for the test and
finally if you're very serious about
getting a good score and you're ready to
invest more time and money into it you
can definitely hire a private tutor so
today I'm going to talk to you about the
pros and cons of each of these methods
and sort of help you bring all the good
aspects of these three methods together
to get the best test prep experience are
you ready let's get into it all right so
the first method using textbooks let's
look at the pros first as we all know
textbooks are usually written by experts
in the field ETS the company that
basically makes tofu has a lot of
textbooks that they've put out there
that you can use that has um well they
do have a limited number of practice
tests so each book comes with like four
four to eight practice tests I haven't
come across a book that has more than
eight but you know that the material is
trustworthy that's my second Pro so
because it is written by experts we know
that the material is trustworthy and
it's coming from reliable sources so
those are the two pros of using
textbooks especially textbooks put out
by ETS
now let's look at the corns alright so
the first corn is that most of the
material that's in those textbooks is
actually outdated and even the
information in the textbooks is outdated
so you guys probably know that the test
changed last year in August so the
number of questions were reduced at the
time was reduced and this changed the
structure and the format of some
sections of the test if you don't know
what the changes were check out our
video on TOEFL exam changes you'll
probably be able to find the link in the
description but most of the textbooks
actually all of the textbooks have still
not been updated so if you order a
textbook today you're probably gonna get
a copy that's basically following the
old format and this can be misleading
and you might end up practicing
questions that probably won't show up in
the exam or that might not follow the
new format so it is kind of dangerous to
use information that's outdated another
problem with using textbooks is actually
the mode of delivery ok so what does
different mode of delivery mean so as
you guys know the TOEFL IBT stands for
internet-based TOEFL and it's usually
delivered via computer so not usually
it's always delivered via computer but
there is another version of the tofu
which is the people based TOEFL but it's
not that popular around the world very
few countries still have the paper-based
version most countries use the
internet-based version which is the tope
TOEFL IBT and if you are preparing for
this test it makes sense to sort of
practice online because you are going to
be clicking on the correct answers you
are going to be dragging them using a
mouse you are going to use a keyboard to
write to type in USA basically so it the
best way to practice is use that
technology that you will be using on
test day and if you're using a textbook
you can't really do that
even though you could write an essay
after reading the question from the
textbook you can probably write there
same in a word doc or something like
that it doesn't really replicate the
real test experience and that is
something that is important when you're
practicing for the test so that is
definitely a con for using textbooks now
let's look at the other side of the coin
which is online practice let's look at
the pros so it is replicating the mode
of delivery of the test that is
definitely a pro another pro is the ease
of access you can conveniently access a
lot of material online and most of this
material is cheap or very often it's
actually free of cost so you can access
it from anywhere whenever you want and
it won't cost you much or it'll be free
so those are definitely the pros how
about the cons I think the most
important thing to point out is that a
lot of the information that's available
on these websites is actually very
unreliable
so people anyone can start a website as
you guys know or a blog and those people
are not necessarily expert or it's just
someone who's taking the test so they
don't really know what goes into making
a test so based on anecdotal experience
they'll sort of just hypothesize that
this is probably what happens in all the
tests and that is not necessarily true
and that can end up misguiding a lot of
students who are preparing for the test
so I think that's one of the major flaws
with online practice tests another con
would be finding reliable resources so
again like I said you can't really trust
a lot of things that are out there so
maybe there's like a couple of websites
that have like authentic material but
then being able to find those and sort
of you know bringing all of that
information together and practicing for
the test can be pretty daunting when you
are already stressed
about taking the test and you don't have
enough time it can end up being a little
bit overwhelming so that I think is why
online practice tests sometimes work
sometimes not quite
and how about private tutors
I honestly think having a private tutor
train you to take the test is the best
way to go you can get expert advice from
them and they basically know the exam
front-to-back and you can trust their
advice unlike some of the online
practice tests another benefit of
meeting with a private tutor is that
you'll get individual attention which
obviously you don't really get like
teaching or training if you're using a
textbook or online prep material you can
only get that when there's a person a
real person who's sort of teaching you
making sure that you've understood and
taking you through some sort of course
material but to be honest not everybody
can afford private tutors they can be
pretty expensive so that is definitely a
con or even if they're not expensive if
you're like me you wouldn't want to
spend like hundreds of dollars on
getting private tutors but that's just
me another problem would be scheduling
issues so if you are someone who's very
busy and who has very limited time it
can be difficult to get a tutor to come
teach you at the same nine nine o'clock
at night and if that the only time you
get off work it can be really difficult
to schedule a time that fits your needs
and also a Futuna is good they're
probably going to be very busy and
they're not gonna have enough slots to
accommodate you all right so far we've
looked at three ways to prepare for the
tofu number one was using textbooks
number two was using online practice
tests and number three was hiring
private tutors but what if I told you
you
have all of the above for a fraction of
the cost of getting a private tutor
getting material that's reliable
trustworthy created by experts in the
field and have access to hundreds and
hundreds of good quality practice
questions all you need to do is sign up
to WWE to language comm so that you
don't have to go looking for reliable
practice materials we have curated a
course for you
we've got reading questions listening
questions speaking and writing if you
feel like you're struggling and you need
some personal attention you can book a
one-on-one tutorial with one of our
experts thank you so much for joining me
today and best of luck for your test bye
[Music]